Elusive Rush
Concussive Blow
Wind Blade
Wrath
Sword Mastery
Shield Mastery
Arrow Strike
Trap
Five-way Shot
Owl Taming
Bow Mastery
Arrow Mastery
Ice Ball
Ice Spikes
Ice Barrier
Ice Elemental
Magic Mastery
Mana Regeneration
Fireball
Flame Ground
Breathe Fire
Fire Elemental
The character leaps forward, slashing everything in their path.
Momentarily throws the target into a state of shock.
Throws blades of wind, cutting down your enemies.
After three successful attacks, the next skill used will deal increased damage.
Increases damage with swords.
Increases your defense and reduces stamina costs.
Stores energy in an arrow, increasing its speed and combat power.
Sets a trap, catching a target when triggered.
Launches 5 arrows at once.
Tames a feathered helper with sharp claws.
Increases damage with bows.
Adds a chance of a lucky shot, which does not spend arrows.
Stores energy to create an ice ball that inflicts damage and reduces enemies' movement speed.
Makes ice spikes sprout out in a line to inflict damage, slowing enemies' movement speed.
Surrounds the user in a barrier made of ice shards that inflict damage upon contact with an enemy.
Creates an elemental that attacks nearby enemies.
Increases the damage of ice magic attacks.
Increases mana crystals regeneration rate.
Stores energy to throw fireball.
Burns your feet creating a path of flame.
Unleashes a breath of four fireballs.
Creates an elemental that attacks nearby enemies.
Increases damage of fire magic based attacks.
Increases mana crystals regeneration rate.
Backstab
Flash of Speed
Knife Throwing
Merciless Whirlwind
The character moves behind an enemy's back and strikes a powerful blow.
The character instantly moves backwards, leaving an illusion that distracts enemies.
Throws knives that can damage enemies at a distance.
A series of strikes that deal high damage.
Stomach Power
Cauldron
Raging Bull
Living Cauldron
Diet
Unique Dishes
Creates a shockwave by slamming the character's stomach against the ground. Enemies hit by the shockwave will be momentarily stunned.
Places a cauldron to make top Chef dishes.
Increases Tony's attack speed and power.
Summons a cauldron to attack nearby foes.
Reduces Tony's hunger.
Increases buff time of chef Tony's dishes by one minute per skill level.
