#1
9 AM. My first day.
9 AM. 나의 첫 출근.

The interior of my office is quite simple: a hanger in the corner near the door, a couch for examining patients, and next to it a small glass cabinet with necessary medications and things.
내 진료실의 내부는 꽤 단순하다: 문 근처 모서리의 행거, 환자들을 진찰할 침상, 그 옆에는 필수 의약품과 이것저것이 들어있는 작은 유리 장식장. 
I'm sitting at a large wooden table, with some chaotically lay papers and folders.
나는 정돈되지 않은 서류와 폴더가 놓인  큰 나무 탁상 위에 앉아있다.

The central city hospital was not quite different from other hospitals where I used to work during my practice and internship.
중앙 도시 병원은 내가 견습과 인턴십 기간에 일했던 다른 병원들과 크게 다르지는 않다.

The table and cabinet have been here since Soviet times - it can be understood by their shabbiness and decrepitude.
탁자와 장식장은 구소련 때부터 있었다 - 그것들의 초라하고 낡은 모습에서 알 수 있다.

They have served faithfully a dozen surgeons who have worked here over the past fifty years, and will probably serve as long as they have.
그것들은 지난 50년간 이곳에서 일한 12명의 외과의에게 충실하게 봉사했고, 그들은 아마 여기 놓여진 이상 계속 봉사할 것이다.

I could hear footsteps and voices of people in the corridor, but since 8 AM no one has knocked on the door of my office with the sign "Panko A.A. Surgeon".
나는 복도에서 사람들의 발자국과 목소리를 들을 수 있었지만, 오전 8시이후로는 "외과의 Panko A.A."라는 명패가 붙은 내 진료소의 문을 아무도 두드리지 않는다.


#2
환자 등장 


#3
I can't say that my day was very productive - I only had 3 patients.
나는 오늘이 매우 생산적이었다고 도저히 말할 수 없다 - 환자가 셋 밖에 없었다.

This young man with the clip in his stomach, the your female athlete who wanted to remove a couple of ribs to better bend and another patient with ulcers.
배에 클립이 들어간 어린 남성, 


#4
At lunch, I met my old friend Nikolai, whom we met when we were still 5 years old.
점심 시간에, 나는 다섯 살에 만났던 오랜 친구 니콜라이를 만났다.

You can say that he helped me socialize, because I was generally a closed and quiet person, but Nikolai was able to instill in me some love for communicating with people.
나는 완전히 고립되
We both entered the medical University, located in the regional center, so we managed to spend our student years in a large city, where we could do something besides endless carousing.
In the end, he became a traumatologist and went back to our hometown, and l, graduated a surgeon, got a job in a good clinic thanks to good recommendations from the internship and my father's connections.
After talking about nothing at all and having tasted the local cooking, I returned to my duties.

That's how my first day went.
여기까지가 내 첫 출근 날이다.











/////
As a surgeon in the city hospital, Dr. Panko have to participate in the treatment of the citizens.
도시 병원의 외과의로서, 의사 판코는 도시민 치료에 참여해야 했습니다.

Different patients ??different medical issues.
다른 환자들, 다른 의학적 문제들.

Solve medical puzzles that affect a person's life.
한 사람의 삶에 영향을 주고 있는 의학적 퍼즐을 풀기.

Enlists the help of other doctors and staff, whom you can hire for a certain amount.
당신이 특정 양만큼 고용할 수 있는 다른 의사와 스태프의 도움을 들이십시오.

They will increase the percentage of successful outcome of your treatment.
그들은 당신의 치료의 결과의 성공 확률을 증가시킬 것입니다.

There is a choice: expensive but successful, or cheap but risky.
여기 선택이 있습니다: 비싸지만 성공적이기, 값싸지만 위험성이 높음.
